[FLINK-25179] Add document for composite types support for parquet (#18037)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/connectors/table/formats/parquet.md

      <td>INT96</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>ARRAY</td>
      <td></td>
      <td>LIST</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>MAP</td>
      <td></td>
      <td>MAP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>ROW</td>
      <td></td>
      <td>STRUCT</td>
    </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

{{< hint warning >}}

> Composite data type: Array, Map and Row currently only support writing but not reading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composite data type: Array, Map and Row are currently only supported when writing, not reading.
```
